Hi, I just wanted to tell you another
dream I had a while back that
I want to get out there. I want to get
this on the web to let people
pray over this. I don't know if this is
during the tribulation that this happens
or if this happens before the
tribulation, but
you know, it's part of the birthing pains
that happen. In this dream,
there's a massive asteroid and it's
coming into the Earth. I see it
and everybody can see it, but you could
hear it; it sounded like massive
freight trains. Everything was
shaking and moving so fast. I went
outside in the dream and looked up, and
it's just a massive streak of light, a
fireball coming out of the sky. It
was moving so quick and so fast that it
sounded like the whole earth was shaking.
It was incredible; this thing
was humongous. In the dream,
the United States tried to
shoot it down with a laser beam. It
was moving too quick to shoot it down
with a rocket, so they used this laser
beam that, in my dream, was green. They hit
it with this laser weapon
and it split the rock. This
massive asteroid split in two and
it busted up one half
into little bitty fragments, but the
other half was still massive. It hit
by the islands, by San Juan, Puerto
Rico, and the Bahamas—all that
area out there. When it did, it
crashed into the ocean and created
this massive tsunami. I'm talking
humongous, like 100 feet up
or more. It was moving so
quick and so fast; it covered the islands
up. It covered Haiti; it
covered those things up.
It just went over the top of
them. I could see it in the dream;
these islands were just completely
engulfed with water.
It went clear into Africa.
When it came into
America, because it was so close, it hit
Miami, North Carolina, and South Carolina—all
that area.
But the main area that I
was shown in the dream was the Miami
area and Fort Lauderdale. It went
inland like the one that hit
Japan; the tsunami
wave
washed in and
just wiped out houses and
buildings like they were nothing. It just
blew them down. There were
millions of people who were in
trouble and lost. Many were dead, and the
Lord had me praying. When I woke up
the next day, He had me praying for these
people that they would hear Him and that
they would not be there at that time—that
they would leave if this is
something that was going to happen soon.
I don't know, but I prayed for these people so
they would get out of harm's way.
It was just something that was very...
when you wake up, you're in a
cold sweat because it shook me. I was like,
'Lord, I have to tell
people about this,'but I've just prayed
over it. I could
see that it was going to happen, and I don't
know if we can stop it or
prevent it or whatever. I just felt in
my heart, this massive tsunami,
this massive asteroid coming out of the
sky. I've looked online at the
NASA site to see, but they
didn't know this was coming. They didn't
announce it on TV; they
didn't tell people that it was coming. It
just happened and, like I
said, it was humongous. It flew in and
hit out there in the ocean, in
the Atlantic. It caused
devastation worldwide. I
don't know if this is the Tribulation the Lord is
showing me, or if it's something
that happens in the birthing pains, but
it's just one of the things I felt like
I should share that the Lord has shown
me. Thank you very much for watching. There are
other things that the Lord
showed me, and I'm going to tell those in
other videos. Have a blessed
day. Bye.